hi guys are walking back to bits in
eighty seven pairs we are back doing the
final part of the training grounds we
are on the expert ones which is going to
be quite annoying for me because I know
I'm not that good and it will take a bit
of time from not just me to do them but
also you I have managed to get a hundred
percent on all of them which is 23 gold
trophies as well so I have done them and
that's proof or maybe I got my missus to
do it who knows so if you had looted
channel guys drop a like rating and
subscribe if you if you knew as well and
we're gonna get on and do this also all
the GP I think it is a gb and that you
are um right I need to quit that in and
score on the volley next one so yeah
we're with these as well you do get
rewarded with us on into position to
myself and then get the head of a where
and we hit another target this one's not
bad actually and you will learn so we
need to beat my opponent which we did
very luckily then I wasn't realizing so
we are actually controlling the striker
than making the room as well and we
failed at that one right I need to get
in front of my defender for a from post
flick or maybe they're there that was
actually a nice one and as it guys
missed its missed I thought we were
going to do this first time around let's
push myself there and he's got the one
on me again that's annoying maybe I
should run back post yeah we'd done it
wasn't it we've done it our we've missed
it missed that one as well so we've
failed at this one quite badly and we
honor we've got away with this one there
we are nice and we hit a target as well
so we might get all of a silver which is
the minimum let's run front there we had
a nice header as well no tag it Hitler
but we have over silver and one more try
as well and that's for our nice there we
have fun post header nice so that's that
one done there is five more four more
left some of the more advanced maneuvers
the chip shots pretty pretty it was it
easy yeah cheap shot was pretty easy i
remember this one now it actually gets a
bit difficult when you are playing
against the against the goalkeeper but i
will show you a nice easy way to get
past him that might hit the no that
one's gone in as well so we've actually
got free away free multi-core and them
against the keeper so the one I was
doing in the series was the far
chip which is one way you wouldn't an
angle and you do chip it into the far
corner and it seems to work more often
not for me as you can see the keeper
seems to get rooted quite a lot and we
should actually get perfect on this one
to try it all the time and we've done it
again so that's that's how you do that
one pretty easily against the keepers
you run away an angle and your shoot
into the far corner and that will
actually a new record as well which is
pretty nice so the next one is the one
to pass this one you get used quite a
lot in the final stage and of the
strands get some targets as well this
one's in the final third it comes in
very effective again especially against
a computer and it can imagine it coming
off against the human opposition as well
as the apple in defenders out the way so
you need to press the triangle button
exactly when it arrives at your foot as
well otherwise it won't count which is
quite annoying as a lot of you guys and
me especially do like to take time with
the person making a return passer as
well as you can see we're bossing this
one in this one's actually there and a
finesse so actually kneeling this one
pretty easily as well and we should get
max points so tap through nice and then
I furnace in against the target so we're
not actually going top corner which is
sort of i have noticed in these training
techniques and return Vaness go oh oh
nice little tap there we are tied it and
finesse into the far corner and that's
another goal so we got two more left and
we're already basically our failed oh no
I haven't I've managed to pull that one
off finesse I've missed I've missed
we've not even perfected this one so
let's try this one again so that's why
you need to do it first time wise you
feel so this one's actually pretty hard
that's annoying than away I've come I've
done away I can't do this one this one's
on I am there we are and we've been
tackled anywhere so times up and we
didn't actually complete how much is
quite an only one to pass and the next
one is the attacking situations this way
you've got two and put into put into
action what you have learned over the
period so obviously tapping our want to
position round the keeper and trying
Brown the defender
and score I was actually good at this
one as well that counts in to do it now
there was explored get past that one's
actually one of the hardest ones the
next one's pretty easy just smash that
into that fing pastor goalkeeping you
get bonus points on what not right tap
it across finish it that's another girl
hopefully we do get to finish Ali's as
well nice cross and these saved it i
feel that she'll just pass that one so
actually i generally shouldn't just pass
that one but i never yeah i gotta do his
trumpet and smash it and it should be a
girl oh yeah so i've done a way i went
for a cross and some of them across is
nice chip through Balia and to Benzema
who picks it up and puts it against the
keeper as well that's the name we got
the ball up why did not passing the ball
there I've missed I've completely failed
that they saw I was good at this one I
made me a lie T I was good at this one
but I'm failing now right finesse nice
pick up the ball and finesse past there
yet so that's we're gonna get all the
silver again not getting the gold one
this is the one to one which you did see
before and obviously I did it we're two
earlier early so actually this is how I
like to do my return passes which take
some time and then you do actually get
more room away attacking and next one's
an hour one cross it should finish out
on the volley which he hasn't how the
hell's that happen so we got a silver
bronze that's the first time we've got a
bronze and we do move on to the hardest
one of them all which is the skill
control so I do actually know the
sequence of the stallion ones so you're
holding up and then move it and so
you're moving up like that then drag the
ball back and then you tap a free to do
the rainbow flick which looks quite nice
the next one is stop stop dude stop stop
this is where we fail so you do that and
then you hold down and this is this is
where skill moves this one solid by the
way this one is really hard for me I can
often it but I don't know how this one
as well is really hard as well and i
still can't do it i still can't do it
that's annoying that's annoying how I
can't do this one I don't act oh my god
why is he not doing it that's ridiculous
this is the one I always feel that and
this is actually I think this is the
last one is not done it he's not done it
he's not the nip so that would fail that
that one but that's how you do some of
the skills anyway we are we're close to
go but that is the end of all the
training ground sequences hopefully
there is some better people out there
doing videos where they can explain here
how to do it but skills as something I
have not mastered and far from mastering
but hopefully they can give them the
edge when moving on to online just a
basic ones anywhere and I would like
that obviously the easiest one is a
triple tap of the of the analog stick in
it does do the rain but you can score
some very nice girls off them as well so
guys have you missed any of the training
ground there is a playlist down below as
well go and check that out drop a like
rating subscribe you're not subscribed
and more back on over there far in Nova
PES video